# **Mars Rovers** - implementation

The current solution of the Mars Rovers problem is a Java 8 - Gradle project, build with respect to the Domain Driven Design principles. The internal structure of the solution consists on three packages named: `infrastructure`, `application` and `domain`.

I will do a short presentation of the role of each layer of the solution and analysing the implementation details of each.

1. `infrastructure` package represents the layer where the interfaces for remote access of the program are placed. In this package we can find the `socket` package, where the `SocketListener` class is placed. This class implements the `Runnable` interface and overrides `run()` method, where the input is validated, parsed and then mapped to specific domain objects. The remote access to the program can be done by opening a connection to port `9091` (for example using `telnet ${host} 9091`).
2. `application` package represents the layer where transition from `infrastructure` to `domain` is made. Here we can find the `RoverManager` class which contains the orchestration logic for executing all the commands associated to each rover.
3. `domain` package represents the layer where all the business logic is placed. Here we find the `Rover` class which at instantiation becomes a Rover. This class contains four attributes: `id` (the id of the rover, which is a monotonic sequence incremented at the moment of adding a new Rover object to `RoverMap`), `currentPosition` (which is a `Point` object that represents the position of the rover at a specific point in time), `currentOrientation` (which is a `CardinalPoint` instance that represents the cardinal point that the rover is oriented to) and `toBeExecutedCommands` (which is a list of `Command` objects that the rover has not yet executed). Specifically, `Command` interface is very important in the implementation of the program. Its implementations: `TurnLeftCommand`, `TurnRightComand` and `MoveCommand` are representations of input arguments **_L_**, _**R**_ and **_M_** and when commands are executed (by running `execute()` method), a side effect is produced on the rover that contains the command.  